So, you you were telling us that you cook. What do you cook?
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Yeah.
And then you can do... um...
Nikujaga?
Yeah. That's good. That's good. Yeah. Do you use cooking books?
No, Yeah, yeah.
That's good. That's good. Yacha is a great cook.
She's a great cook.
I mean, she stopped us. She's great cooking.
Well, that means you can use it again.
It'll, it'll come back. The pig.
Yeah.
So you cook like two or three times a day, I mean a week.
And then you eat off from that for the rest of the time. Side dish?
So, Mao cooks a lot. I think he cooks two-thirds of the time.
I cook only one third. And
he cooks for a lot of people, but it's just us.
So that was the leftover. He doesn't want to eat that.
leftovers or he doesn't want to eat the same thing. So, guess who eat them?
Me! And then I eat it the next day, and next day.
dinner the next day for lunch.
Yeah, yeah. So I don't need to cook.
Yeah. So so. Yeah, yeah.
For like, how many times?
You have your brother so he eats it all, right?
Wow! That's tough.
Wow.
Wow, that's a tough question. What about you?
Oh, yeah. Wow!
I think. I think it will be...
Rest of my life. Maybe three times it's okay.
Rest of my life.
That's really hard. Aaaahhm. Like.
I guess like... um...
Ojira! Like a...
Like soup rice, Luca-san. How would you say it?
You know porridge, porridge. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't think I want to eat sashimi.
Sashimi pork.
Even though I like it, it's good because it's special, right?
Yeah.
So...
I mean, you don't wanna eat leftover pizza.
And that's really hard. Yeah.
Oh, What, what about like it's in the general?
category.
Oh.
Smarty. Yeah. But then, Please give me miso soup.
Oh, That's good. That's good.
Harako not Mentaiko?
Aaahh.
Grill. Oh.
mmh?
Kaju Roll! Yeah, something like that. Yeah.